---
Title: Wait, hear me out!
Summary: This time for sure!
Date: 2025-05-30
Draft: false
ShowComments: false
Tags:
  - news
---

Here we go again!  It's actually been a pretty awful week for me for lots of silly reasons, the worst of it came two days ago when a certain, **major** payment processing platform, completely out of the blue, notified me that they were disabling my account permanently and that there was no mechanism for me to appeal.  Seriously!  Right in the opening message they're, like, "Don't bother asking us to change our mind."  You'd think I was selling birth-control across state lines or taking payments to drive women to health care clinics or something.

Okay, that's unfair, I shouldn't be all "angry eyes" about this.  But it's hard to let it go.

I also realised I'd (unintentionally) gone off my meds for several days this week, which is not a great situation for me.  Better now.

There were a few other little hiccups that seemed bigger than they really are, but that's the gist of it.

And instead of writing?  Well, okay, I actually did write some but it's nowhere near ready for here.  But instead of writing?  I obsessed over refining the presentation here *again*!  Incremental changes, sure, but it was a pretty significant rewrite of the theme code in the background.  It's different enough now that I'm sure the original developer wouldn't want to merge my changes, so I guess I'm forking it and creating my own Hugo theme from here on.

Normal people see a bucket full of water and think to themselves, "that bucket is full of water".  I look at it and think "there's lots of room in that bucket for more water, and maybe some rocks, and probably even a squirrel".

😖

***
<signature>Knotty</signature>
