---
Title: Watch your step!
Summary: I've had better days.
Date: 2025-04-22
Draft: false
ShowComments: false
Tags:
  - news
---

Well that didn't go as expected! Spent just over eight hours in the emergency room over the weekend thanks to a moment of inattention and now I'm looking at weeks (I hope it's only weeks!) of recovery time.

Maybe that means more time for writing!

The real purpose of this update is to mention the comments section!  Right now I've added [Giscus](https://giscus.app/) to the site.  Which is great!  It has tons of things I like about it!  It's open source and as an engineer and software architect during the day I love open source software and the open source community.  I've made most of a career out of working in that community and it's been wonderful for me!  It also includes no ads and does no tracking, so you data is yours alone.  As someone who is **strongly** opposed to making billionaires richer by letting them use me and my online habits as a product, I love this even more.  So I'm philosophically aligned with this comment system.

*Unfortunately*, right now it's all built upon [Github Discussions](https://docs.github.com/en/discussions) and that, as far as I can tell, requires a GitHub account and anyone leaving a comment to be logged in.  That's not so great.  If you're reading this and you know how to allow comments in a Github discussion without being logged in to a Github account, please let me know!  Somehow … because right now you can't leave a comment without being logged in … maybe DM me on BlueSky!

There *is* work happening to allow anonymous comments with Giscus, I think, I know there's a lot of interest in having it and if you're of a curious nature you can follow the [issue](https://github.com/giscus/giscus/issues/65) where it's being debated.

🤕
***
<signature>Knotty</signature>
